# Using Kafka for vitals alert analysis

Status: Accepted

## Context

Vitals Reader needs to communicate the vitals to the Vitals Analyzer to make
decisions about when to alert. Because Vitals Analyzer is deployed as a set of
instances, we had to ensure that a given instance while analyzing a given
patient: had ownership over the patient, had all the vitals data
it needed to make a decision, and had all those vitals in the correct order. A 
instance having ownership over a patient is important because we don't want two 
instances analyzing the same patient and creating the same alert. We also
wanted to make the communication between the Vitals Reader and Vitals Analyzer quick
and reliable.

## Decision

Publishing vitals from the Vitals Reader to a Kafka topic which Vitals Analyzer 
consumed from through a consumer group solved all four of our concerns. The Kafka 
consumer group ensured that only one Vitals Analyzer instance would consume a 
given patient's vitals as long as we set the partition key to the patient's ID.
This will also guarantee that all vitals published to the topic for a given 
patient will be consumed in the correct order. Kafka clusters are also highly
available, fault tolerant, and fast when publishing messages.

## Consequences

Considerations were made for sharing a cache of vitals data between the Vitals
Analyzer instances which would have been a more complex solution with more
risk for race conditions and data consistency issues. Additionally, it risked
introducing a single point of failure for alerting unless the cache was distributed
or failover was implemented effectively.
