# Kubernetes and Microservices

Status: Accepted

## Context

The MonitorMe platform needs to be easy to install at hospital and scalable to handle
large amounts of ingest data. Different parts of the application may need to scale
differently based on the function the application. When applications aren't able to
handle incoming requests (OOM, dead, etc.) or die, we need to be able to stop routing traffic
to the bad application and spin up a new app. We also need to be able to handle any
underlying changes to infrastructure used to host the application.

## Decision

We will use Kubernetes and microservices to will allow us to spin up applications in a 
consistent manner between environments (development and production at different hospitals),
handle underlying infrastructure changes without any additional overhead, and scale the 
applications to handle the ingest traffic. Microservices will allow us to seperate 
applications by lifecycle while maintaining proper software development practices. 

When splitting the applications up to deploy into Kubernetes, we will split each
by lifecycle into a namespace. That will allow modify the contents of a namespace
without needing to worrying about breaking other infrastructure in applications. Since
the entire application is deployed in Kubernetes, being able to communicate with the 
other applications deployed is easy through services and environment variable injection.

In the future when we want to expand to other hospitals, Kubernetes with Infrastructure
As Code will be the same in one site and another. When we want to move to the cloud, 
most Cloud providers have a managed Kubernetes; however, if those don't meet the 
requirements, we are able to roll our own Kubernetes using Virtual VMs in the cloud. 

Within Kubernetes, we can also run OSS operators which can provide things like Kafka
and Databases easily. 

## Consequences

There is a lot of overhead when deploying and maintaining Kubernetes efficiently. Vanilla
Kubernetes has a large OSS following so no third-party support is required; however, that
doesn't remove the necessity for an engineer to manage the cluster. With large amount of 
overhead comes a cost.
