# Remove Vitals Analyzer Cache

Status: Accepted

## Context

The Vitals Analyzer was initially designed to use a cache to store vitals data. This was to ensure that a given instance of the Vitals Analyzer would have ownership over a given patient's vitals and have all the vitals data it needed to make a decision. However, the Vitals Analyzer was later redesigned to use Kafka for vitals alert analysis. This decision was made to ensure that only one Vitals Analyzer instance would consume a given patient's vitals and that all vitals published to the topic for a given patient would be consumed in the correct order. This decision also made the communication between the Vitals Reader and Vitals Analyzer quick and reliable.

## Decision

We will remove the cache from the Vitals Analyzer. The Vitals Analyzer will now consume vitals from a Kafka topic. This will ensure that only one Vitals Analyzer instance will consume a given patient's vitals and that all vitals published to the topic for a given patient will be consumed in the correct order. The remaining role
of the cache was to enable catch-up for a Vitals Analyzer instance that was down for a period of time. Instead, we will catch-up using the Vitals Datastore.

## Consequences

We have one less component to manage and maintain. We also have one less component 
to worry about in terms of data consistency and reliability. Granted, we take on the
responsibility of ensuring that the Vitals Datastore can handle the catch-up load,
but are not concerned with responsiveness issues from the Vitals Datastore because
the Vitals Analyzer only needs to catch-up when it is down.
