# Create configuration API

Status: Accepted

## Context

The MonitorMe platform needs to be configurable. This means that we need to be able 
to change the configuration of the platform without having to redeploy the 
platform. We also need to be able to change the configuration of the platform 
without having to restart the platform. This is important because we want to be 
able to change the configuration of the platform without having to take the 
platform down. We also want to be able to change the configuration of the platform 
without having to take the platform down for a long period of time.

## Decision

We will create a configuration API that will allow us to change the configuration
of the platform without having to redeploy the platform. The configuration API will
allow us to configure mappings from devices to beds and mappings from beds to
monitoring screens. It will also allow us to store the targets for alerts that need
to be sent through the mobile app.

The configuration API will be a RESTful API that will be deployed as a separate
service from the rest of the MonitorMe platform. The configuration API will be
deployed as a separate service from the rest of the MonitorMe platform so that we
can change the configuration of the platform easily and put a web application in
front of it for easy configuration changes.

This RESTful API will be polled by the Vitals Reader, Vitals Analyzer, and
Vitals Alerter to get the configuration on a polling interval.

## Consequences

We will have a separate service to manage and maintain. We will also have to
ensure that the configuration API is highly available and fault tolerant. However,
failures to poll from the configuration API are not quite as critical as failures
as long as an instance of Vitals Reader, Vitals Analyzer, and Vitals Alerter has a configuration to work with.
